Added ADR for the provisioning functionality in KIM (#202)
kyma-project/infrastructure-manager: docs/adr/provisioning.md

# Introduction

> This document defines architecture, and API for the Gardener cluster provisioning functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document defines the architecture and API for the Gardener cluster provisioning functionality.
```

# Target architecture

> The following picture shows the proposed architecture:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following diagram shows the proposed architecture:
```

![](./assets/keb-kim-target-arch.drawio.svg)

> > Note: at the time of writing the `GardenerCluster` CR is used for generating kubeconfig. The [workplan](https://github.com/kyma-project/infrastructure-manager/issues/112) for delivering provisioning functionality includes renaming the CR to maintain consistency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: At the time of writing, the GardenerCluster CR was used to generate kubeconfig. The [workplan](https://github.com/kyma-project/infrastructure-manager/issues/112) for delivering provisioning functionality includes renaming the CR to maintain consistency.
```

The following assumptions were taken:

> - Kyma Environment Broker should not contain all the details of the cluster infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Kyma Environment Broker must not contain all the details of the cluster infrastructure.
```

> - Kyma Infrastructure Manager's API should expose properties that:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Kyma Infrastructure Manager's API must expose properties that:
```

  - can be set in the BTP cockpit by the user
  - are directly related to plans in the KEB

> - Kyma Infrastructure Manager's API should not expose properties that are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Kyma Infrastructure Manager's API must not expose properties that are:
```

  - hardcoded in the Provisioner, or the KEB
  - statically configured in the management-plane-config

> The Kyma Environment Broker has the following responsibilities:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kyma Environment Broker has the following responsibilities:  
```

> - Creating `Runtime` CR containing the following data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create Runtime CR containing the following data:
```

    - Provider config (type, region, and secret with credentials for hyperscaler)
    - Worker pool specification
    - Cluster networking settings (nodes, pods, and services API ranges)
    - OIDC settings
    - Cluster administrators list
    - Egress network filter settings
    - Control Plane failure tolerance config

> - Observing status of the CR to determine whether provisioning succeeded

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Observe the status of the CR to determine whether provisioning succeeded
```

>  The Kyma Infrastructure Manager has the following responsibilities:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Kyma Infrastructure Manager has the following responsibilities:
```

> - Creating shoots based on:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create shoots based on:
```

        minimum: 3
        # spec.shoot.workers.maximum is provided by the KEB, required
        maximum: 20
        # spec.shoot.workers.maxSurge is provided by the KEB, required in the first release.
        # It can be optional in the future, as it equals to zone count
        maxSurge: 3
        # spec.shoot.workers.maxUnavailable is provided by the KEB, required in the first release.
        # It can be optional in the future, as it is always set to 0
        maxUnavailable:  0
  security:
    networking:
      filter:
        # spec.security.networking.filter.egress.enabled is provided by the KEB, required
        egress:
          enabled: false
    # spec.security.administrators is provided by the KEB, required
    administrators:
      - admin@myorg.com
```

There are some additional optional fields that could be specified:
- `spec.shoot.kubernetes.version` ; if not provided default value will be read by the KIM from configuration
- `spec.shoot.workers.machine.image` ; if not provided default value will be read by the KIM from configuration
- `spec.shoot.kubernetes.kubeAPIServer.additionalOidcConfig` ; if not provided, no addition OIDC provider will be configured

> - `spec.shoot.workers.name` ; if not provided, some hardcoded name will be used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `spec.shoot.workers.name` ; if not provided, a hardcoded name will be used
```

> - `spec.security.networking.filtering.ingress.enabled` ; if not provided `false` value will be used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `spec.security.networking.filtering.ingress.enabled` ; if not provided, the `false` value will be used
```

> The following example shows what `Runtime` CR should be created to provision a cluster with additional OIDC provider, and ingress network filtering enabled:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows the Runtime CR that must be created to provision a cluster with an additional OIDC provider and to enable ingress network filtering:
```

        name: cpu-worker-0
        # spec.shoot.workers.minimum is provided by the KEB, required
        minimum: 3
        # spec.shoot.workers.maximum is provided by the KEB, required
        maximum: 20
        # spec.shoot.workers.maxSurge is provided by the KEB, required in the first release.
        # It can be optional in the future, as it equals to zone count
        maxSurge: 3
        # spec.shoot.workers.maxUnavailable is provided by the KEB, required in the first release.
        # It can be optional in the future, as it is always set to 0
        maxUnavailable:  0
  security:
    networking:
      filter:
        # spec.security.networking.filter.egress.enabled is provided by the KEB, required
        egress:
          enabled: false
        # spec.security.networking.filter.ingress.enabled will be provided by the KEB, optional (default=false)
        ingress:
          enabled: true
    # spec.security.administrators is provided by the KEB, required
    administrators:
      - admin@myorg.com
```
> Note: please mind that the additional OIDC providers, and ingress network filtering will not be implemented in the first release.

> Please, see the following examples to understand what CRs need to be created for particular KEB plans:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please see the following examples to understand what CRs must be created for particular KEB plans:
```
